Implement nested repositories.yaml with OpenAPI definition (#262)
mozilla/probe-scraper: README.md

- From [`hg.mozilla.org`](https://hg.mozilla.org) for Firefox data.
- From a [configurable set of Github repositories](repositories.yaml) that use [Glean](https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/android-components/tree/master/components/service/glean).

A web tool to explore the Firefox-related data is available at
[probes.telemetry.mozilla.org](https://probes.telemetry.mozilla.org/).

> CI on this repository handles publishing the data to populate the `probeinfo` API

Reviewer: I wonder if we should reverse the order of this paragraph with the one above it. Normally I would say that the user facing tools are the most important, but if someone's spelunking through this repo they probably care more about the grotty details. Maybe something like:

```md
Probe Scraper outputs JSON to https://probeinfo.telemetry.mozilla.org. Effectively, this creates a REST API which can be used by downstream tools like [mozilla-schema-generator](https://github.com/mozilla/mozilla-schema-generator) and various data dictionary type applications (see below). An [OpenAPI reference](https://mozilla.github.io/probe-scraper/) to this API is available.

A web tool to explore the Firefox-related data is available at [probes.telemetry.mozilla.org](https://probes.telemetry.mozilla.org/). A project to develop a similar view for Glean-based data
is under development in the [Glean Dictionary](https://github.com/mozilla/glean-dictionary).
```

Thoughts?

Author: Looks great. I'll integrate that text.

and the related [API docs](https://mozilla.github.io/probe-scraper/):

![probeinfo API docs](docs.png)

## Adding a New Glean Repository

To scrape a git repository for probe definitions, an entry needs to be added in `repositories.yaml`.

> Refer the the [schema docs](https://mozilla.github.io/probe-scraper/#operation/getReposYaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [repository schema documentation](https://mozilla.github.io/probe-scraper/#tag/repositories.yaml) for details.
```

A web tool to explore the data is available [here](https://telemetry.mozilla.org/probe-dictionary/).

CI on this repository handles publishing the data to populate the `probeinfo` API
and the related [API docs](https://mozilla.github.io/probe-scraper/):

![probeinfo API docs](docs.png)

## Adding a New Glean Repository

To scrape a git repository for probe definitions, an entry needs to be added in `repositories.yaml`.

> Refer the the [schema docs](https://mozilla.github.io/probe-scraper/#operation/getReposYaml).

Reviewer: As mentioned, I'm not sure about the OpenAPI stuff, but if we're going to use it I would rewrite this to:

```suggestion
For a full list of fields that need to be added (and what they mean), see the [schema documentation](https://mozilla.github.io/probe-scraper/#operation/getReposYaml).
```
